# Terms of Service : p5play Ad Revenue Sharing Program

## Parties to the Agreement

p5play is a sole proprietorship owned and operated by Quinton Ashley ("p5play"). p5play is a JavaScript game engine, that provides a platform for making games and art projects ("Content").

This agreement ("Agreement") is entered into between p5play and you, a developer of p5play content who agrees to these terms and conditions ("Developer"). If you are a minor, under the age of 18, then your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) must also agree to these terms and conditions.

By agreeing to these terms and conditions, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to enter into this Agreement and that you are fully able and competent to abide by all of its terms and conditions.

If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor Developer who is using p5play, then by agreeing to these terms and conditions, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to act on behalf of the minor Developer. You affirm that you have read, understand, and agree to these terms and conditions on behalf of the minor Developer. If you do not have the authority to act on behalf of the minor Developer or do not agree to these terms and conditions, then the minor Developer may not participate in the p5play Ad Revenue Sharing Program. As a parent or legal guardian, you are solely responsible for ensuring that the minor Developer complies with these terms and conditions.

## Participation

As a p5play content developer, you may be eligible to participate in our ad revenue sharing program.

If you choose to participate, you will receive 75% of the ad revenue generated by the ads displayed in your p5play game or art project, while 25% of the ad revenue will be retained by p5play.

By using p5play, you agreed to the End User License Agreement (EULA) which states that p5play has the right to display ads on any content that was made with p5play, even content made by developers who do not participate in the ad revenue sharing program. Content creators who do not participate in the p5play ad revenue sharing program will not receive any monetary compensation for those ads. This is similar to other social media platforms such as Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook, where ads may be shown to users without any financial benefit to the user who created the content.

p5play will not be responsible for any loss of revenue or damages resulting from the display of ads on your content.

## Payment Terms

Payments will be made only upon request. The minimum payout amount is $20 USD. Payments will only be made through PayPal or Venmo. By submitting your PayPal or Venmo username, you agree that it is accurate and up-to-date. p5play will not be responsible for payments that are sent to an incorrect PayPal or Venmo username. For your security, it can't be changed later. If you do not provide a valid PayPal or Venmo username or the username you provide is to another user's account, you will not receive any payments.

## Zero Tolerance for Intellectual Property Right Violations

If a developer violates the intellectual property rights of another party in their game, they will not receive a payout from the p5play ad revenue sharing program. p5play cannot be held liable for any such violations by the developer. Developers are solely responsible for ensuring that their game does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, and must obtain all necessary permissions and licenses for any copyrighted or trademarked content used in their game.

## Tax Reporting Requirements

If you earn over $600 in a calendar year, p5play will request that you submit a W-9 form to receive further payments. You are responsible for complying with all applicable tax laws and regulations, and p5play will not be held liable for any failure to comply.

## Modifications to Terms and Conditions

p5play reserves the right to modify these terms and conditions at any time, with or without notice. Your continued use of p5play constitutes your acceptance of any modifications.
